[DataGrid] Add quick filter demo (#2149)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/filtering/filtering.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/filtering/FilterApiNoSnap.js", "bg": "inline", "hideToolbar": true}}

## Quick filter

The grid does not natively include quick filtering.

> However, it could be easily implemented as in the demo below.

Reviewer: Subjective, what is easy for one can be hard for another

```suggestion
However, it could be implemented as in the demo below.
```

Reviewer: It seems that we don't need to use the hypothetical form

```suggestion
However, it can be implemented as in the demo below.
```
